All right cool.
So now that we are here let's open Lavell project and let's start exploring.
Right now it doesn't matter if you're in a windows or in a Mac computer everything should be the same
for now on a right if it's different.
I would let you know so Windows and Mac users.
Let's do it.
All right.
So let's open our BHB store and whatever idea you are using your editor if you use and sublime that's
OK.
Or I know that I will be using the HP story just because it just provides a very user friendly environment
for HP and Meribel together.
All right.
So I'm going to open up my HD docs project so if you can click here and then just look for your project
users.
Just type in the address where your project is or you look for it.
It would give you a big for that like this.
And if you own a Windows machine you should be going to see zap in the docs and all that.
Or.
Just because I'm in a Mac computer right now I'm going to go to where that is so applications for me
.
And you can type it in here as well.
Right.
I'm just going taking the long way to do it.
And there we go.
All right.
I'm just going to close so this one thing that I want to do before I start guys is just change his white
background on now used to coding in this.
I don't know about you but oh my courses I do it and I'm like background so I'm pretty sure that you're
also used to it by now.
So let's do preferences and let's go to parents theme dark law and apply.
Right then I'm going to go to Ed. general whoops and it's see colors and funds.
Genera actually.
And then here and then I look for mono or chi or not chi whatever however you pronounce it apply.
OK.
Just going to give is a very similar look to what we had in sublime.
All right.
Pretty cool.
So now the first thing that you are going to be noticing here is that knowing you every time you you
know you learn about framework you know it can be overwhelming for us because you see a lot of files
that you don't understand.
All right.
So I'm not going to explain every little detail here because there are some advanced subjects that we
are not going to go through but I'm going to give you the fundamentals of it.
I on this chapter we are going to be learning about so I'm going to go right to that.
But you can see here everything is going to be included most.
Most of everything that we are going to be doing is going to be inside this app folder.
Right.
We're going to have controllers who are going to have models views et cetera are actually views are
here resources.
All right.
But anyway so route's Where are routes.
Well route's is inside this HTP folder.
All right.
And then you can see the routes file right here.
Just double click it.
And now here it is.
All right.
So very simple.
This is called a group aroud group array and basically groups.
Everything is secure.
Everything in a kind of a container.
All right.
So this is a call they made aware and this is a security feature for Claribel.
Every time you see middleware is because you are securing something there.
So we're saying now that everything in this web in this rogue group is going to be available for the
web.
All right.
That's what we are saying here now don't worry about too much of this we're going to cover this later
on.
I just want you to know how this works.
So routes the first thing that you are going to be noticing here is that we have this class here called
route.
As you can see is a static method that we have after that which is get see that.
So we are using the route the class name plus it to call and see which means it's a static method and
then we have a couple of parameters we first have a parameter here to actually let us know where.
All right.
Well we have to tap in that you are able to get somewhere.
So right now we type when we go to the root directory of this application this is going to give us a
view where I remember what I tell you about views views is the representation they H.T. a mail over
application that's where our contact pages will be or in the case of BHP whatever.
Everything that you see on the browser would be of view.
So if I go to let's go to the beginning of this application to the publication that we created which
is a CMS that dev.
Right.
So I hope you see this is a view right here this is a welcome view.
So let's go back as you can see here says you know if you if you go to the root directory you're going
to get a welcome view.
Now let me show you something if I type in let's say example here.
All right.
Now if I go to the browser and do this for example I'm going to get a sense thing again too because
I just told Gravelle that when the user types in that sample I want you to take him to the view welcome
.
All right.
So let's try this again now if you notice I'm not saving anything in my editor in BHB so you don't have
to say they will save it automatically for you.
Now if I go and try this again after I take it off you're going to see that I get nofollow an exception
.
All right so first parameter is where you want to go.
Second parameter could be many different things and even even even Hastur parameters.
But we're going to look at that later.
Right now he has a closure function.
This is as a second parameter and this closure function right responsible to do other things in this
case is returning a view a welcome view but if we wanted to you can select that impressed good control
forward slash and you were calm in that how you can return.
You.
OK.
I didn't save anything just does it automatically.
Amy Fyke go to the root directory Now.
You can see this is how you this is super cool right.
Remember that before for us to do something like that I have to create a folder called indexed up BHB
and Puzo ph being there and Yankel high you for for us to do that.
We don't have to create any Fouchier for us to do whatever we want in there.
You are out.
We can't even pass IDs and parameters see it through.
Through this here and take it you know take it in here return it and if we want to and we're going to
do that later.
But as you can see we can write whatever we want and then we can do this too.
Watch this.
We can say admin polls.
All right.
When once we type this we are able to do this.
Watch this admin is here.
Or something like that.
So if we go back and we do that and we say admin posts and other things here you see that and we can
make this as long as we want to.
All right so that's the first thing that you should know about routes.
Now if I go back to the room there is nothing there.
All right let's go and fix this again real quick and take that off.
Take these off.
Now we see that we are returning this view here.
Right.
We're going to explore this a little bit later where they are how we access them how we edit them but
right now just focus on routes around the next election we're going to continue with routes because
it's super exciting and super easy to do once you know how to do it right.
Anyway thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lecture